### Online Store Project for CS308 - Software Engineering course

This repository contains API service codes for our course project, [toyzz.store](http://toyzz.store). Currently under development.


##### Project Description

><p>This is a web site that presents a number of products in categories and let user to select and buy the desired product. Store has a limited stock, when user selects a product, number of items in the stock must be shown. When the shopping is done, that product should be decreased from the stock and forwarded to delivery department. Each user must be registered before shopping. Just after the payment is conﬁrmed, it must show the invoice on the screen, send it as an email and let the user to download it as a pdf ﬁle. There are 4 types of users of this system detailed below. This web site should also as an attractive design so people should ﬁnd it professional and trust to buy product. This is not just a web site but the shop window of your store. Site should be be good looking and consistent.<p>Sales Managers are responsible for setting the prices of the products. Sales manager can set a discount on the selected items. When the discount rate and the products are given, web site automatically set the new price and notify the registered users about the discount. A product has the following properties: ID, name, model number, description, quantity in stocks, and warranty status and distributor information. Furthermore, sales manager can view all the invoices in a given date range, can print them or save as “pdf”. He should also calculate the revenue and loss/proﬁt in between given dates and makes a chart of it.<p>Product managers are capable of adding, removing the products, setting the number of items in the stock, etc. Everything related to stock is done by the product manager. ProductManager is also in the role of delivery department since it controls the stock. This means, product manager can view the invoices, products to be send and the correspondingaddress to deliver. A delivery list has the following properties: delivery ID, customer ID, product UD, quantity, total price, delivery address, and is delivered.<p>Customers must register to the system. They can view the products, buy the productsand payits priceby the creditcard. A customerhas the followingproperties: ID, name, tax ID, e-mail address, home address, and password. A customer should enter his/her credit card information to buy a product. Credit card veriﬁcation and limit issues are out of scope of the project.<p>Since every user (including administrators but excluding root) will remotely access your service, your software shall provide a means of remote accessibility. Furthermore, the users (except for the root user) shall be able to use their internet browsers for any functionthey want to use, withoutinstalling any additionalsoftware (aside from system libraries like Java or .NET framework), therefore a client-server type of software package will not be accepted. Since every user will remotely access your service, your software shall provide a means of remote accessibility. Furthermore, the users shall be able to use their internet browsers for any function they want to use, without installing any additional software (aside from system libraries like Java or .NET framework), therefore a client-server type of software package will not be accepted.<p>Since the registration and payment process is a sensitive system, your project development and programming should reﬂect the necessary amount of security awareness. The various user roles have their own security privileges and they should not be mixed. Whatever your method of information storage (databases, XML ﬁles etc.) sensitive information should be kept encrypted so that its not easily compromised. Note that sensitive information includes at least the following: invoices and user accounts. Needless to say, your software is expected to run smoothly and not to display any unexpected behavior while functioning within its normal parameters. Additionally, since this system will serve a potentially large number of users, you should keep concurrency in mind: Your system should be able to handle multiple users of various roles working on it at the same time and retain its normal functionality under such circumstances



